README.md, before:

<img src="headshot-reduced.jpg" width="250">

## Introduction

Laura Steiner is an aspiring Java developer and a professional violist, violinist, and music teacher. She recently graduated from UNM with a master's degree in music, and is currently attending the Deep Dive Coding Java + Android Bootcamp, gaining experience in Android app development. Laura is particularly interested in creating applications that combine music and technology to improve people's lives.

Musically, Laura has many interests and pursuits. She performs a wide variety of music, ranging from the Baroque period to new music of the 21st-century. Laura is at home performing as a soloist and in groups of all sizes, from small chamber ensembles to large orchestras. She has also composed several small pieces for string instruments. Laura pursues research in music theory and earned distinction for her Master's thesis on emotion in film music, entitled "Musical Wonder and Awe in Narnia: Comparing Two Related Emotions." She has taught music theory and applied violin, viola, and ensemble classes at the university level. Laura currently maintains a small but dedicated studio of private violin and viola students.

## Current projects

* ScaleScroller: Android app

	* [Website](https://lsteiner9.github.io/scale-scroller/)

	* [Repository](https://github.com/lsteiner9/scale-scroller)

* TuneFull: Android app and server
	
	* [Website](https://tunefull.github.io/)
	
	* [Documentation](https://github.com/tunefull/tunefull.github.io)
	
	* [Server Repository](https://github.com/tunefull/tunefull-service)
	
	* App repository in progress

## Recently updated repositories

{% assign public_repositories = site.github.public_repositories | where: 'fork', false | sort: 'updated_at' | reverse %}
{% for repo in public_repositories limit: 10 %}
* [{{ repo.name }}]({{ repo.html_url }})
{% endfor %}


## Links

* [GitHub](https://github.com/lsteiner9)

* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/laurasteinerviola/)

* [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeUSKKE-TqScB49RpeZuAQA)

* [Music website](https://lsteiner98.wixsite.com/website)

* [Thesis](https://digitalrepository.unm.edu/mus_etds/32/)

Commit message:

Added areas of interest section

README.md, after:

<img src="headshot-reduced.jpg" width="250">

## Introduction

Laura Steiner is an aspiring Java developer and a professional violist, violinist, and music teacher. She recently graduated from UNM with a master's degree in music, and is currently attending the Deep Dive Coding Java + Android Bootcamp, gaining experience in Android app development. 

Musically, Laura has many interests and pursuits. She performs a wide variety of music, ranging from the Baroque period to new music of the 21st-century. Laura is at home performing as a soloist and in groups of all sizes, from small chamber ensembles to large orchestras. She has also composed several small pieces for string instruments. Laura pursues research in music theory and earned distinction for her Master's thesis on emotion in film music, entitled "Musical Wonder and Awe in Narnia: Comparing Two Related Emotions." She has taught music theory and applied violin, viola, and ensemble classes at the university level. Laura currently maintains a small but dedicated studio of private violin and viola students.

## Areas of interest in software development

* Combining music and technology to improve people's lives.

* Optimizing code for efficiency and self-documenting readability

## Current projects

* ScaleScroller: Android app

	* [Website](https://lsteiner9.github.io/scale-scroller/)

	* [Repository](https://github.com/lsteiner9/scale-scroller)

* TuneFull: Android app and server
	
	* [Website](https://tunefull.github.io/)
	
	* [Documentation](https://github.com/tunefull/tunefull.github.io)
	
	* [Server Repository](https://github.com/tunefull/tunefull-service)
	
	* App repository in progress

## Recently updated repositories

{% assign public_repositories = site.github.public_repositories | where: 'fork', false | sort: 'updated_at' | reverse %}
{% for repo in public_repositories limit: 10 %}
* [{{ repo.name }}]({{ repo.html_url }})
{% endfor %}


## Links

* [GitHub](https://github.com/lsteiner9)

* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/laurasteinerviola/)

* [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeUSKKE-TqScB49RpeZuAQA)

* [Music website](https://lsteiner98.wixsite.com/website)

* [Thesis](https://digitalrepository.unm.edu/mus_etds/32/)
